###ID0
###TITLEML/AI Engineer
###COMPANYNAMEYOROSIS Technologies
###LOCATIONCoimbatore, Tamil Nadu
ML/AI Engineer - Coimbatore, Tamil Nadu - Indeed.com
save-icon
Job description



Develop, train, deploy and maintain AI/ML models, preferably Natural Language Models. Integrate and manage contextual search engine with the models . Mine text and derive structured shape from unstructured texts. Work with various text extraction modules both in NLP and Computer Vision.



Job Types: Full-time, Regular / Permanent


Salary: ₹8,086.00 - ₹42,320.52 per month


Benefits:



Health insurance
Internet reimbursement
Life insurance
Provident Fund



Schedule:



Day shift
Monday to Friday



Ability to commute/relocate:



Coimbatore, Tamil Nadu: Reliably commute or planning to relocate before starting work (Required)



Education:



Bachelor's (Preferred)



Experience:



total work: 1 year (Required)



Speak with the employer+91 7639723372

Health insurance






###ID1
###TITLEData Analyst (AI/ML)
###COMPANYNAMEMallow Technologies
###LOCATIONCoimbatore, Tamil Nadu
Data Analyst (AI/ML) - Coimbatore, Tamil Nadu - Indeed.com
save-icon







About Us
 Mallow is a custom software development company based in Karur, Tamilnadu. We have experienced professionals across a variety of trend-setting domains of software development. We have also developed many web and mobile applications. Our teams include RoR, PHP, React. JS, Front-End, Android, iOS, Python, Data Analyst (AI/ML), QA and Business Analysts. Our client base is huge and so our professionals work to meet all the varied needs with one aspect, Quality.


 About Role
 We are looking for a passionate Senior Data Analyst with machine learning experience who can transform large structured and unstructured data sets into valuable insights, reports and make predictions for business decisions. The roles & responsibilities includes:

 Develop data management policies and processes
 Set up and maintain automated data processes
 Identify and setup tools/services for Data validations and cleansing
 Produce and track key performing indicators
 Develop and support reporting processes
 Mine and analyse large datasets, draw valid inferences and present them successfully to the management team using a reporting tool 
Selecting appropriate data sets for the ML model
 Develop AI and machine learning applications according to requirements
 Developing ML algorithms to analyse huge volumes of historical data to make predictions
 Run machine learning tests and experiments
 Deploying ML models to production
 Keeping abreast of developments in machine learning
 Collaborating with developers, engineers, and organisational leaders to identify opportunities for process improvements, recommend system modifications, and develop policies for data governance
 Paying particular attention to trends and patterns that could be valuable for diagnostic and predictive analytics efforts



 Must have

3 to 6 years of relevant experience
 Strong understanding of the Machine Learning lifecycle - feature engineering, training, validation, scaling, deployment, scoring, monitoring, and feedback loop
 Experience in Supervised and Unsupervised Machine Learning including Classification, Forecasting, Anomaly Detection, Pattern Detection, Text Mining, using variety of techniques such as Decision tree, Time Series Analysis, Bagging and Boosting algorithms, Neural Networks, Deep Learning
 Good knowledge of ML tools like TensorFlow, Colab, SciKit Learn, PyTorch, Jupyter Notebook, etc
 Good numerical, analytical and statistical skills
 Good knowledge of SQL
 Experience in Python (preferred) / R languages
 Experience in data analysis tools like Tableau, Microsoft Power BI or any relevant tools
 Good communication skills
 Experience in statistical methodologies and data analysis techniques
 Ability to produce intuitive graphical representations and data visualisations



 Good to have

 Data Analytics certification
 Machine learning certification
 Your machine learning portfolio
 Tableau Server Certified Professional or any relevant tools certification











###ID2
###TITLEAI ML Developers for Interior Monitoring Systems product
###COMPANYNAMEBosch Group
###LOCATIONCoimbatore, Tamil Nadu
AI ML Developers for Interior Monitoring Systems product - Coimbatore, Tamil Nadu - Indeed.com
save-icon

 Company Description
  Bosch Global Software Technologies is a 100% owned subsidiary of Robert Bosch GmbH, one of the world's leading global supplier of technology and services, offering end-to-end Engineering, IT and Business Solutions. With over 20000+ associates, it’s the largest software development center of Bosch, outside Germany, indicating that it is the Technology Powerhouse of Bosch in India with a global footprint and presence in the US, Europe and the Asia Pacific region.







 Job Description
  You will be part of a team developing interior sensing algorithms such as eye tracking, driver distraction, drowsiness estimation, yawning, seat belt detection, head post, body pose, etc.
 We have to solve these using algorithms in the field of image processing, AI/ML, and deep learning.
 The work shall involve developing new features and applications, integrating and optimizing the algorithms for specific target platforms and environments.







 Qualifications
  B.Tech, M.Tech, Ph.D in Computer Science with AI ML

 Skills & Requirements :
 + Degree in AI/ML/Data Science
 + Good knowledge in C/C++ and Linux/QNX
 + Embedded Software development
 + Model, Algorithm development
 + Experience in image processing, graphics programming, AI/ML
 + Scripting languages like Python (Good to have)
 + Experience of Software development within Automotive industry.(Good to have)
 + Experience of developing software for functional safety relevant products (ISO26262) (Good to have)
 Additional Information
  Experience in Automotive domain










###ID3
###TITLESolution architect
###COMPANYNAMEUltrafly Solutions private limited
###LOCATIONCoimbatore, Tamil Nadu
Solution architect - Coimbatore, Tamil Nadu - Indeed.com
save-icon
Solution Architect


We are looking for world-class talent to join a crack team of engineers, product managers and


designers. We want people who are passionate about creating software that makes a difference to


the world. We like people who are brimming with ideas and who take initiative rather than wait to


be told what to do. We prize team-first mentality, personal responsibility and tenacity to solve hard


problems and meet deadlines. As part of a small and lean team, you will have a very direct impact on


the success of the company.


As a Solution Architect this is what you’ll do:



Lead solution-driven discussion for Digital and Data Products




This role will include preparation of product architecture deliverables based upon product



architecture standards, creating conceptual product Architecture views, current state gap


analysis and target state product architecture views



Understand and evaluate existing and future state product objectives and ensure target



state architecture alignment is cognizant of the Digital and Data business capability needs



Create product architecture models demonstrating how products, operations and systems



interoperate within the organization



Conduct analysis to determine the best path for solving business problems/opportunities



that may include process improvement, systems enhancement, user training, and/or


software procurement



Ensure solutions developed across the organization are aligned to architecture standards



and principles, leverage common solutions and services, and meet financial targets (cost and


benefits)



Provide overall direction, guidance and definition of product architecture to effectively



support business strategy



Review, analyse, and evaluate ideas, projects and opportunities to develop new products,



new technologies and business models for various business segments



Assess business and technical functionality to support build, buy, or partner decisions




Provide professionally designed solutions based on requirement analysis.




Ensure a swift and smooth delivery of agreed services.




Collaborate with Product Management to translate technical objectives/deliverables to a



project plan.



Translation of functional and non-functional requirements into a solution design document.




Technical sign off on the implementation project to ensure that work done confers to best



practices and delivers on functionality



Apply and utilize business modelling methods to ensure results oriented deliverables in a



way that can be recreated and used as a corporate knowledge resource available to project


level initiatives and executive decision making



Act as a subject matter expert in the development of product architecture framework



development, tool suite selection and design and methodology development



Coaching and mentoring engineers in architecture best practices




Operate in a collaborative manner by guiding technical discussions to help reach a



consensus; once a decision is made, clearly communicates and backs that decision



Regularly present the latest architectural decisions and direction via documentation and



presentations to the rest of the Product Development team



Guide software development and quality engineering team to rigorously improve inline



service scalability, performance and robustness;



Develop new product or feature prototypes for proof of concept (POC);




Take hands-on development tasks on strategically important projects;




Establish best practice across multiple engineering teams;



Job requirements


● Solid Computer Science fundamentals, excellent problem-solving skills.


● Experience architecting, or operating -based applications or infrastructures with building at


least one well-known successful product, ideally from inception to deployment;


● Combined experience of product development and architecture/design.


● Experience as a Full Stack developer with hands on experience in Technologies such as


NodeJS, ReactJS, NextJS, Typescript, Golang, Python, Java, Kotlin, Android, Graphql,


Elasticsearch, Redis, Distributed Computing


● Must have true startup spirit and be willing to wear multiple hats, including hands-on


prototyping, architecture and software development work. Must be an strong advocate of


leading by example


● Experience in a software design and architecture role, ideally in a SaaS based product


organisation


● Experience communicating architecture direction and decisions through presentations and


clear architectural diagrams to engineering / product groups


● Previous career track of progressive growth from software engineer, technical leader to


software architect, with thorough hands-on development experience. Strong advocate of


test-driven development methodology.


● Sound knowledge of various operating systems and databases.


● Experience in customer journey mapping, product roadmaps, competitive analysis ,and


product architecture.


● A solid understanding of industry-wide technology strategies and best practices.


● Experience solving challenging business problems with innovative enterprise solutions


aligning business needs to IT capabilities.


● Experience with business analysis and process impact analysis.


● Presentation skills with a high degree of comfort speaking with executives, IT Management,


and developers


● Excellent communication skills with an ability to right level conversations


● Demonstrated ability to adapt to new technologies and learn quickly


● Strong collaboration, communication and negotiation skills.


● Additional skills: agile methodologies, dynamic presentation, influencing and negotiating.


● Experience with AI/ML/eCommerce/Digital Health/Marketplaces/Blockchain


technologies/solutions


● Experience with migrating workloads onto the cloud


● Technical expert of at least 3 of these domains: HTTP and SSL Proxy, Security Web Gateway,


Cloud Access Security Broker, Next-Generation Firewall, Intrusion Prevention System, Server


Load Balancing, Virtual Private Networks, Public Key Infrastructure (PKI), Kubernetes, VM


and Container Networking;


● Bachelor’s or Master’s degree in Computer Science or related field from a top university.


● Able to work within the GMT+8 time zone


What we offer


● An exciting and passionate working environment within a young and fast-growing company


● The opportunity to work with a high performing team


● A competitive salary package


● The ability to work from anywhere in the world (assuming a stable internet connection)


● The chance of being a fundamental part of the team and make a difference


Job Types: Full-time, Regular / Permanent


Salary: ₹6,000,000.00 - ₹7,000,000.00 per year


Benefits:



Health insurance
Provident Fund



Schedule:



Day shift



Supplemental pay types:



Performance bonus



Ability to commute/relocate:



Coimbatore, Tamil Nadu: Reliably commute or planning to relocate before starting work (Required)



Experience:



total work: 1 year (Required)



Speak with the employer+91 6382094806

Health insurance






###ID4
###TITLESr.Data Analytics
###COMPANYNAMESharadha Terry Products Private Limited
###LOCATIONCoimbatore, Tamil Nadu
Sr.Data Analytics - Coimbatore, Tamil Nadu - Indeed.com
save-icon
Qualification UG in Engineering degree preferably mechanical


Experience Minimum 3 years in manufacturing company (any Industry) proven working experience in Data analytics, Data visualization, (simulation models, AI / ML, IOT are added advantage)


Duties And Responsibilities:



Minimum hands-on working knowledge in Tableau, QlikView, and Power BI.




Presentation skills to be known and others to do as



Statistical analysis


Diagnostic analytics


Predictive analytics


Analytical skills


Data analysis


Research


Critical thinking


Good communication


Problem-solving


know to convey your ideas via visualization and creativity.



Leverage modern BI tools (Tableau, Power BI) to extract and manipulate data from variety of diverse sources.




Perform analysis on datasets to understand data structure and possible metrics/visuals to answer business questions.




Skilled in ETL tools and methods (SQL to SQL, Alteryx, etc.)




Work with the upper management to develop Power BI reports and Dashboards.




Known to design, Support, and Implement key datasets and visualizations.




Creating functional requirements, design, delivery (providing accurate development estimates), and maintain dashboards as well as tabular reporting in Power BI and/or Tableau.




Ability to create BI reports based on inputs from a variety of data sources.




Ability to write basic DAX queries in Power BI Desktop.




Basic understanding of Microsoft Azure.




Create complex visuals, calculations and reports in Power BI and publish it on Power BI online.




Publishing of visuals to stakeholders.




Assist with building Data Analytics enterprise models using various technologies including SQL, Oracle, Hadoop, etc.




Develop, update, and maintain technical/training documentation and maintain business intelligence solutions using best practices.




Proactively communicate status, troubleshooting issues, and risks to management.



Skill requirements:



Skilled in ETL tools and methods (SQL to SQL, Alteryx, etc.)




Experience providing quick turn around on detailed and valuable dashboards and visualizations utilizing Power Bi and/or Tableau.




Basic knowledge & “hands-on” experience on Power BI DAX




Intermediate/Advanced knowledge & experience with SQL and good understanding of Data warehousing and Relational database concepts & technologies.




Intermediate/Advanced knowledge & experience with scripting languages PowerShell scripting/Shell script/Python would be an asset.




Experience working with various Cloud AWS, Azure technologies.




Demonstrated expertise in data visualization design.




Strong design skills and attention to detail




Basic experience working with other technologies (D3, React/Angular, TypeScript, HTML, R, Python)



Job Type: Full-time


Salary: From ₹30,000.00 per month


Benefits:



Paid sick time



Schedule:



Fixed shift



Supplemental pay types:



Yearly bonus



Ability to commute/relocate:



Tamilnadu, India: Reliably commute or planning to relocate before starting work (Required)



Experience:



total work: 5 years (Preferred)



Work Location: One location






###ID5
###TITLEDigital Marketing Executive
###COMPANYNAMEVMax Wellness
###LOCATIONCoimbatore, Tamil Nadu
Digital Marketing Executive - Coimbatore, Tamil Nadu - Indeed.com
save-icon
Job description


ROLE : Digital Marketing Executive


About the Company :


VMax is a service based startup revolutionising the Digital Health & Wellness market by transforming people's lives through Weight management services and Healthcare of Lifestyle-related health Conditions.


We have proudly served and transformed the lives of 14,000+ clients from India and Abroad.


Looking for a company that values a positive and supportive work environment?


Join VMax and become a part of our empowering culture centered around wellness, community, and empowerment. We prioritize the well-being and success of our team members and strive to create a collaborative and diverse workplace where everyone feels valued and inspired to do their best work. Join us in making a positive impact on people's lives!


About the job :


The executive will support the marketing team in building and maintaining marketing automation and plans, and executing through the website, email, and social media.


Roles and Responsibilities :



Support the marketing team in building and maintaining marketing automation and plans, and executing through the website, email, and social media.
Set up, build, monitor and report on digital campaigns, some previous experience in google ad words, LinkedIn and social scheduling is needed.
Identify and manage business operations and marketing demands & ensure advanced solution provisioning by SAAS or AI companies available in the market.
Ability to go and take calls and meetings with the Business Service Provider (BSP) and the Applications Service Provider (ASP) to clarify the exact company needs and negotiate them for best pricing.
Take operational responsibility for new software implementation; After onboarding, train internal teams on how to install and use the features of the product via web conferencing or real-time.
Proactive mindset and self-driven to solve challenges in a fast-paced environment.



Interest and general knowledge of disruptive technologies.



Well-informed about market trends, opportunities, risks and new projects, with a passion for innovation and growth.



What we are looking for ?



Must be known about the basic department functions of business specifically sales, marketing, operations etc.
Understanding of marketing pixels, SDKs and API tools like Zapier, Automate.io (or similar) and how to use them for advertising purposes.
Should have hands-on work experience with sales and operation tools such as Google Sheets, CRM, Digital Marketing tools, Project Management and Data Analytics.
Basic understanding of website design or development, and graphic design preferred.
Good communication both written and verbal.
Should have 1 to 2 years of hands-on working experience in Digital Marketing.



Skills :-



Love and understanding of technology, whether it be hardware, software, or other emerging technologies (AI, ML and Blockchains preferred)
Ability to work independently with minimal supervision.
Should feel brave leaping into the unknown and always be able to ask why. (Curious, motivated, self-serving, ability to take risks in a supportive/safe environment).
Effective interpersonal skills and strong work ethic
Spends less time worrying about the problem and more time focusing on how to solve it
Ability to find creative solutions while taking ownership of all duties and tasks assigned



Join VMax - Holistic fitness and wellness company and be a part of a vibrant and empowering culture! We prioritize a healthy work environment that values personal growth and collaboration. Come work with a team that is passionate about making a positive impact on people's lives.


Job Type: Full time


Working Hours: 8 Hours.


Job Mode: Onsite


Job Location : Coimbatore


Job Type: Full-time


Salary: ₹15,000.00 - ₹25,000.00 per month


Benefits:



Health insurance



Schedule:



Day shift



Ability to commute/relocate:



Coimbatore, Tamil Nadu: Reliably commute or planning to relocate before starting work (Required)



Speak with the employer+91 9442430768

Health insurance






###ID6
###TITLESolution Architect
###COMPANYNAMEUltrafly solutions Pvt Ltd
###LOCATIONCoimbatore, Tamil Nadu
Solution Architect - Coimbatore, Tamil Nadu - Indeed.com
save-icon
* Experience as a Full Stack developer with hands-on experience in Technologies such as NodeJS, ReactJS, NextJS, Typescript, Golang, Python, Java, Kotlin, Android, Graphql, Elasticsearch, Redis, and Distributed Computing.


* Experience in a software design and architecture role, ideally in a SaaS-based product organization.


* Experience communicating architecture direction and decisions through presentations and clear architectural diagrams to engineering / product groups.


* Experience with AI/ML/eCommerce/Digital Health/Marketplaces/Blockchain technologies/solutions.


* Additional skills: agile methodologies, dynamic presentation, influencing and negotiating.


Job Type: Full-time


Salary: ₹600,000.00 - ₹700,000.00 per year


Benefits:



Flexible schedule
Health insurance
Life insurance



Schedule:



Day shift
Monday to Friday



Supplemental pay types:



Joining bonus
Performance bonus



Ability to commute/relocate:



Coimbatore, Tamil Nadu: Reliably commute or planning to relocate before starting work (Required)



Experience:



total work (Required)



Speak with the employer+91 8508071527

Health insurance






###ID7
###TITLESW Engineer-AUTOSAR Architecture
###COMPANYNAMEUnusual Hire
###LOCATIONCoimbatore, Tamil Nadu
SW Engineer-AUTOSAR Architecture - Coimbatore, Tamil Nadu - Indeed.com
save-icon
SW Engineer-AUTOSAR Architecture | Robert Bosch|Coimbatore | 2-4 Years 




Job type:
 Onsite 


Permanent 


Medium Level 





 Project detail 





 – https://forms.gle/aWKXB8AnTXp8wyCXA 







Role:
 SW Engineer – AUTOSAR Architecture 





 Location– Coimbatore 





 Exp– 2 to 4 Years 





 Job Description- 







Key Tasks and Responsibilities:



 Working with AUTOSAR architecture standard for new software platform.· 


Working on Software architecture concepts for new Powertrain ECU , VCU, FCCU software platform. 


Collaborate with different stakeholder to determine functional and non-functional requirements for SW Architecture 


Working on SW Architecture process automation using AI/ML technologies 


Provide technical coaching to System designers, Developers and Integrators. 


Design and development of SW Architecture tools. 


Support for Piloting and Roll-out of SW Architecture topics to stake holders. 


Supporting the data driven approach for SW Architecture using Bigdata analytics 







Experience:



 Worked in Automotive domain Software development. 


Work experience with AUTOSAR standard 


Strong development experience in embedded C and Device Drivers. 


Good knowledge on Software Architecture concepts. 


Strong debugging and analytical thinking skills 


Knowledge requirements management tools – DOORS/DNG 


Knowledge in UML based tools like Rhapsody/Enterprise Architect 


Worked with Configuration management tools like ALM/GitHub 


Worked with Change management tools like ALM/RQ1 


Knowledge / experience with Quality process & Safety-standards such as ASPICE/CMMI, ISO 26262, SDLC 


Awareness in functional safety methodologies and process. 


Preferred work experience in AGILE Software development 


Excellent Communication and Interpersonal skills 





 Qualifications 





 B.E (EEE/ECE/E&I/CS) 





 Additional Information 







Experience:
 2-4 Years 





 https://www.bosch.com/ 





 Industry Categories 


Languages required 


English 


Freelancer type required for this project 


Full Time 


Attachments 




AUTOSAR_Architecture-JD-1654858231.pdf File size:
 229.00 KB 


0 


Location 


India 




Project ID:
 00003370






