###ID0
###TITLEManager-Software Development (Coimbatore)
###COMPANYNAMEISAPOTA PRIVATE LTD
###LOCATIONCoimbatore, Tamil Nadu
Manager-Software Development (Coimbatore) - Coimbatore, Tamil Nadu - Indeed.com
save-icon
Job description


Responsibilities:


1. Manage and guide a team of software engineers.


2. Development and maintenance of .net applications/ web based systems


3 .System design and Development of code, initial design, bug fixing, quality engineering, documentation and maintenance .


Requirements:


1. Minimum three yeasr experience in JAVA or C# or dot net framework


2. Knowledge and experience in Web development technologies like ASP.NET, Java script, Jquery, Bootstrap, SQL /MySQL, Cloud ,Flutter and android applications are preferred.


3. BSc,MSc,MCA or BE Graduates in Computer science only need apply.


Job Types: Full-time, Permanent


Salary: ₹3.5 lakhs - ₹9.5 Lakhs per year


Job Types: Full-time, Regular / Permanent


Salary: ₹350,000.00 - ₹900,000.00 per year


Benefits:



Provident Fund



Schedule:



Day shift



Supplemental pay types:



Yearly bonus



Ability to commute/relocate:



Kalappatty Road, Near SITRA, Coimbatore - 641014, Tamil Nadu: Reliably commute or planning to relocate before starting work (Required)



Application Question(s):



What is the total annual salary/remuneration expected?



Education:



Bachelor's (Required)



Experience:



ASP.NET: 2 years (Required)
C#: 2 years (Preferred)



Expected Start Date: 22/05/2023






###ID1
###TITLEPHP Developer
###COMPANYNAMECartrabbit
###LOCATIONCoimbatore, Tamil Nadu
PHP Developer - Coimbatore, Tamil Nadu - Indeed.com
save-icon
PHP Developer - Full Stack (Laravel, React)


Skillset Summary: ReactJS, Codeigniter, YII or Laravel


Who are we?


Cartrabbit is a software-as-a-Service (SaaS) product startup based in Coimbatore, building customer retention and lead generation tools for eCommerce businesses with over 50,000+ customers worldwide. An entirely modern platform that takes you to the world-class product development workflow that promisingly meets customer needs and success. Cartrabbit is committed to maintaining a safe and productive work environment, and you will be a part of an awesome SaaS product development team and incredible benefits that include:


Working on cutting-edge technologies and innovative products


Provide opportunities to work on exciting projects in a vertical B2B niche SaaS.


Opportunity to work in a Product Company


Flexible working hours


What we are looking for?


We are looking for PHP Developers with experience in Laravel to join our team. The ideal candidate should have experience in developing web applications from scratch and be able to work independently, as well as collaboratively with a team. The successful candidate will be responsible for designing, developing, and maintaining complex web applications.


What is the skill set required for this job profile?



Candidates should have a strong knowledge of PHP.
Write clean, well-designed code using the PHP framework, and other related technologies
Candidates should have experience/ knowledge working with at least one PHP framework, such as Laravel, Symfony, CodeIgniter, Yii, or CakePHP. They should have a good understanding of the framework's architecture and be able to use it to develop complex web applications.
Candidates should have experience with front-end web technologies such as HTML, CSS, and JavaScript. They should be able to create responsively and have experience with front-end frameworks such as React, Angular, or Vue.js.
Candidates should be familiar with version control systems such as Git and be able to collaborate effectively with other developers using tools such as GitHub or Bitbucket.



What you’ll be doing



Designing and developing web applications using PHP frameworks such as Laravel, Symfony, CodeIgniter, Yii, or CakePHP
Writing clean and efficient code that follows industry best practices and standards
Should be able to read and understand the existing code base
Collaborating with cross-functional teams to identify and prioritize features for new and existing applications
Build integrations with multiple eCommerce platforms for our SaaS applications
Implementing and maintaining third-party APIs to integrate with existing applications
Troubleshooting and debugging applications to ensure optimal performance and usability
Collaborating with other developers to maintain and improve existing code and applications
Working with project managers to ensure projects are completed on time
Testing and deploying code to production environments.
Staying up-to-date with emerging trends and technologies in web development and PHP frameworks



Job Location: Coimbatore(work from office)


Educational Qualification:


Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or a related degree Program


Experience: 0 to 5yrs


Fresher candidates with good programming language are applicable for this position.


Job Types: Full-time, Regular / Permanent, Fresher


Salary: Up to ₹800,000.00 per year


Benefits:



Flexible schedule
Food provided
Health insurance
Leave encashment



Schedule:



Day shift
Flexible shift
Monday to Friday
Morning shift



Supplemental pay types:



Performance bonus
Quarterly bonus
Yearly bonus



Ability to commute/relocate:



Coimbatore, Tamil Nadu: Reliably commute or planning to relocate before starting work (Required)



Experience:



PHP: 1 year (Preferred)
total work: 1 year (Preferred)
Any PHP Framework: 1 year (Preferred)



Speak with the employer+91 9940772590






###ID2
###TITLESoftware Developer and Tester
###COMPANYNAMESPOT WORLD WIDE PVT LTD
###LOCATIONCoimbatore, Tamil Nadu
Software Developer and Tester - Coimbatore, Tamil Nadu - Indeed.com
save-icon
www.spotworldwide.in


A software Developer and tester are responsible for evaluating and ensuring the quality and functionality of software applications. Their main job is to identify defects, bugs, and performance issues through various testing techniques. Here is a concise job description for a software tester:


Job Description: Software Developer and Tester



Perform manual and automated testing of software applications to ensure functionality, usability, and performance.
Develop and execute test plans, test cases, and test scripts based on software requirements.
Identify, document, and track software defects and issues using bug tracking tools.
Collaborate with software developers and stakeholders to understand software requirements and resolve issues.
Conduct regression testing to ensure the stability and reliability of software applications.
Use various testing methodologies and techniques, such as functional testing, integration testing, and system testing.
Create and maintain test documentation, including test plans, test cases, and test reports.
Participate in software design and requirement reviews to provide input on testability and quality aspects.
Continuously improve testing processes, tools, and methodologies to enhance overall testing efficiency and effectiveness.
Stay up to date with industry trends, best practices, and emerging technologies in software testing.



Job Types: Part-time, Regular / Permanent, Freelance


Salary: From ₹25,000.00 per month


Benefits:



Flexible schedule



Schedule:



Day shift
Flexible shift



Supplemental pay types:



Commission pay



Ability to commute/relocate:



Coimbatore, Tamil Nadu: Reliably commute or planning to relocate before starting work (Required)



Application Question(s):



Are ok to work as a Freelancer for us?



Education:



Bachelor's (Required)



Experience:



Manual testing: 1 year (Required)
total work: 2 years (Required)
software tools: 1 year (Required)
Software testing: 1 year (Required)
java: 2 years (Preferred)
Python: 2 years (Preferred)
Ruby: 2 years (Preferred)



Willingness to travel:



100% (Required)



Speak with the employer+91 9092588555






###ID3
###TITLESoftware Developer (Python Programming)
###COMPANYNAMEZF
###LOCATIONCoimbatore, Tamil Nadu
Software Developer (Python Programming) - Coimbatore, Tamil Nadu - Indeed.com
save-icon






What's Next? Join ZF!
 ZF is a global technology company supplying systems for passenger cars, commercial vehicles and industrial technology, enabling the next generation of mobility.
ZF allows vehicles to see, think and act. In the four technology domains of Vehicle Motion Control, Integrated Safety, Automated Driving, and Electric Mobility, ZF offers comprehensive product and software solutions for established vehicle manufacturers and newly emerging transport and mobility service providers. ZF electrifies a wide range of vehicle types. With its products, the company contributes to reducing emissions, protecting the climate and enhancing safe mobility.






Software Developer (Python Programming) 








     Country/Region: IN 
    







     Location: Coimbatore, TN, IN, 641659 
    







Req ID 53725 Coimbatore, India


 ZF Wind Power puts wind energy in motion! The ZF Wind Power Business Unit is part of ZF group which is known as one of the world’s leading automotive suppliers. Within our unit we develop, validate and service gear units used in wind turbines producing sustainable energy and we have been doing this for more than 40 years! Today we build new drivetrain solutions to meet the requirements of the future. As wind turbines continue to grow, we are continuously pushed outside of our engineering boundaries, which makes it a challenging engineering environment to work in. Find out more: www.zf.com/windpower


We are looking for a new colleague in the Technology, R&D department at our location in Coimbatore, India.

 Your Tasks:

Contribute to new and ongoing projects in Design Automation areas. Develop and maintain new customized software for engineering applications.
Develop and maintain interfaces and customizations for existing engineering software.
Contribute to the development of database solutions for Engineering data.
Support in programming activities for other teams.
Take ownership of software solutions developed by the team.


 Your Profile:

BE/B-Tech in Mechanical Engineering, Mechatronics Engineering, Computer Science Engineering, or related branches with 2-4 years of experience and a minimum of 2 years of relevant experience.
Basic knowledge of the workings of Wind turbine gearboxes or planetary gearboxes, structural analysis, and strength assessment is necessary.
Hands-on exposure with Finite elements and analytical tools, e.g.- Ansys Mechanical is a must-have.
Experience with Object Oriented programming is a must-have. Good knowledge of programming with Python 3.x is mandatory, and basic knowledge of MATLAB is necessary. Experience with Scientific and Engineering Python packages – Numpy, Scipy, Pandas, and Matplotlib is a must-have.
Basic knowledge of development and working with SQL Databases is a must-have. Knowledge and experience in web application development (Javascript, PHP, Django/Flask), and experience with REST API development are nice to have.



Be part of our ZF team as Technologist - Software Developer (Python Programming) and apply now!
Contact
Deena Mary Queen








Our Commitment to Diversity
 ZF is an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action Employer and is committed to ensuring equal employment opportunities for all job applicants and employees. Employment decisions are based upon job-related reasons regardless of an applicant's race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, national origin, disability, marital status, genetic information, protected veteran status, or any other status protected by law.




Find out how we work at ZF:




 Job Segment: R&D Engineer, Programmer, Information Technology, Mechanical Engineer, Developer, Engineering, Technology







###ID4
###TITLEJava Developer
###COMPANYNAMETeknoturf Info Services Pvt Ltd
###LOCATIONCoimbatore, Tamil Nadu
Java Developer - Coimbatore, Tamil Nadu - Indeed.com
save-icon
Sub : Requirement for Java Developer to automate Java based integration technologies for our LMS


Hi,


We are looking for Full Time java developers having thorough knowledge on Core Java, XML, JSON, HTML, CSS, JavaScript, and SQL (Oracle)


Knowledge on Webservices / JSP / Servlets / EJB / MongoDB / Springs / Microservices would be an added advantage


The job requires development of real-time Case Studies with various business scenarios and deploy test cases to automate and test them.


Job Location: Coimbatore


About Company: (www.teknoturf.com)


Teknoturf is an EdTech company. We have been in business for 25+ years serving 70+ clients. We have also been an IBM Business Partner since inception.


Job Type: Full-time


Salary: ₹22,000.00 - ₹50,000.00 per month


Benefits:



Cell phone reimbursement
Health insurance
Internet reimbursement
Provident Fund
Work from home



Schedule:



Day shift



Ability to commute/relocate:



Coimbatore, Tamil Nadu: Reliably commute or planning to relocate before starting work (Required)



Education:



Bachelor's (Preferred)



Experience:



Java: 1 year (Preferred)



Application Deadline: 31/03/2023Expected Start Date: 31/03/2023






###ID5
###TITLEOpenlink Endur Developer
###COMPANYNAMEPublicis Sapient
###LOCATIONIndia
Openlink Endur Developer - India - Indeed.com
save-icon

 Company Description
  Publicis Sapient is a digital transformation partner helping established organizations get to their future, digitally-enabled state, both in the way they work and the way they serve their customers.We help unlock value through a start-up mindset and modern methods, fusing strategy, consulting and customer experience with agile engineering and problem-solving creativity.United by our core values and our purpose of helping people thrive in the brave pursuit of next, our 20,000+ people in 53 offices around the world combine experience across truly value.







 Job Description
  We are looking for Endur developers with a good understanding of energy/commodity trading business to join our team of bright thinkers and doers to help solve our clients’ problems. You’ll use your business and technical acumen to develop solutions to support the front-to-back trade lifecycle in Endur. You will partner with our prestigious clients on their exciting Digital Business Transformation (DBT) journey. You should have hands-on experience in developing customizations in Endur with good knowledge and experience in extension technologies like OpenJVS and/or Open Components with strong fundamentals in OOPS and Solid principles. We are on a mission to transform the world, and you will be instrumental in shaping how we do it with your ideas, thoughts, and solutions.
 Your Impact:

 You will be responsible for working with our prestigious clients and understanding their business requirements and writing optimized, efficient code to fulfill these requirements. Support all kinds of testing in the project lifecycle.
 Understands the design patterns and will create low-level design of one or more modules of low to medium complexity application leveraging OO principles and design patterns
 Manages dependencies across other modules participate in client calls and work with diverse teams.
 Anticipates issues and risks at the module level and escalates appropriately
 You will be responsible for self-learning and upgrading skills. A strong and innovative approach to problem-solving and finding solutions
 Multi-task and work independently with minimal supervision

 #LI-REMOTE
 NAUKRI_POST







 Qualifications
  Your Skills & Experience: 

2-4 years of Endur Development experience using JVS/Open Components on version 11 or above
 Good understanding of OOPS concepts
 Experience with at least 1 ‘live’ Endur project with hands-on experience in OpenJVS or OpenComponents
 Can write plug-ins for extracting data from the database, custom simulations, operations scripts, nomination updates, accounting rules, etc.
 Can write queries involving multiple tables, self-joins, inner and outer joins, inner queries, group by functions, etc.
 Basic understanding of ETRM/CTRM domain with experience in at least one asset class e.g. Power, Natural Gas, LNG, crude and products, etc.
 Understands the data model of Endur and is aware of key tables and columns.
 Should be clear about configurations needed to support front, mid and back-office processes

 Set Yourself Apart With: 

Basic understanding of any of cloud systems and cloud concept – Azure, AWS, GCP
 Basic understanding of Agile scrum and Kanban methodologies. Participated actively in agile ceremonies like sprint planning, retro, sprint refinement etc
 Effectively and accurately do sizing, bounding it with right set of assumptions
 Basic knowledge of CI/CD and Dev Ops

 A Tip from the Hiring Manager: 
Ideal candidate should have good knowledge of ETRM and excellent communication skills. They must have worked on at least one complete lifecycle of a project. Worked in cross culture teams and in agile manner and worked with clients directly. Keen to learn latest cloud and analytics technologies to optimize their trading landscapes and value chains. Candidate must have deep expertise in energy and commodities domains, and the entire ETRM ecosystem.
 Additional Information
 

 Gender-Neutral Policy
 18 paid holidays throughout the year.
 Generous parental leave and new parent transition program
 Flexible work arrangements
 Employee Assistance Programs to help you in wellness and well being








###ID6
###TITLEJava, J2ee Developer
###COMPANYNAMEAriztid Technologies
###LOCATIONCoimbatore, Tamil Nadu
Java, J2ee Developer - Coimbatore, Tamil Nadu - Indeed.com
save-icon


  ARIZTID TECHNOLOGIES PRIVATE LTD., 
   Coimbatore. 
  

Education : BE/MCA 
  
Experience : 0 to 3 years
  



Job Description : Java, J2ee preferably with JSP, Javascript, HTML, CSS and Basic SQL 
Hiring Process : Technical, Face to Face Interview, Telephonic Interview 
Job Role : Java, J2ee developer



   Send Your Resume to 
  career@ariztid.com


 Job Details


Applicant must be a self-starter, meticulous, detail-oriented and adaptable for new challenges.
Should have Good Communication and Presentation skills.
Should have passion on Developing opportunities.
Should coordinate with Technology experts and understand Products and Technologies of Arizitd.
Should be able to work on result oriented and on reaching targets and handle Developing activities from time to time .
Appreciable other skills are Ownership skills, Adaptable for Travelling and Building teams.









###ID7
###TITLEAssociate Software Engineer
###COMPANYNAMEDQI TECHNOLOGY LAB PRIVATE LIMITED
###LOCATIONCoimbatore, Tamil Nadu
Associate Software Engineer - Coimbatore, Tamil Nadu - Indeed.com
save-icon

Excellent problem solving and analytical skills.
Excellent knowledge in OOPS concepts.
Good communication skills.
Experience with HTML, CSS and JQuery and PHP will be added advantage.
Create web pages using HTML, CSS, and JavaScript.
Utilise programming skills in PHP, HTML, MySQL and JavaScript.
Compile the code on both UNIX and Linux platforms and resolve the bugs.
Handle assignments in developing UI pages using HTML, CSS and JavaScript technologies.



Job Types: Full-time, Regular / Permanent


Salary: Up to ₹15,000.00 per month


Benefits:



Cell phone reimbursement
Flexible schedule
Internet reimbursement
Leave encashment
Work from home



Schedule:



Day shift
Flexible shift



Supplemental pay types:



Performance bonus







###ID8
###TITLEPower BI Developer
###COMPANYNAMEFuture Forward Technologies
###LOCATIONCoimbatore, Tamil Nadu
Power BI Developer - Coimbatore, Tamil Nadu - Indeed.com
save-icon
Location: Chennai, Tamil Nadu OR Remote


Exp: 4 to 7 years


1. Minimum 5 years of experience in Power BI Dashboard development


2. Worked in at least 10 Power BI project


3. Expertise in Power Query / DAX / SQL / Power BI DataFlows / Datasets


4. Able to work independently in delivering Dashboards based on advanced modeling


5. Working Knowledge in all components of power BI


6. Should have experience in developing and deploying power BI Dashboards


7. Strong foundational knowledge on Business Intelligence, Data Transformation, Data Modelling


8. Ability to convert User Requirements into Technical details and deliverables


9. Should be well versed with Software development lifecycle and ITSM Processes


Job Type: Contractual / TemporaryContract length: 6 months


Salary: ₹60,000.00 - ₹80,000.00 per month


Benefits:



Work from home



Schedule:



Monday to Friday
Morning shift
UK shift
US shift



Supplemental pay types:



Performance bonus



Education:



Bachelor's (Preferred)



Experience:



Power BI: 4 years (Preferred)



Speak with the employer+91 9976868572






###ID9
###TITLESoftware Architect
###COMPANYNAMESNS SQUARE PRIVATE LIMITED
###LOCATIONCoimbatore, Tamil Nadu
Software Architect - Coimbatore, Tamil Nadu - Indeed.com
save-icon
Software Architect


Position Overview


A software architect is a technical leader who is responsible for the overall design and structure of a software system. They work with project managers, developers, and stakeholders to ensure that the system meets the needs of the business and is scalable, maintainable, and secure.


Key Responsibilities:



Developing high-level design documents and architectural blueprints
Defining and enforcing coding standards and best practices
Assessing the technical feasibility of new features and changes
Identifying and mitigating technical risks
Providing guidance and mentorship to developers
Staying up-to-date with new technologies and trends in the field
Participating in code reviews and testing



Skills Required



Strong technical skills in programming languages such as Java, C++, C#, and Python
Experience with cloud computing platforms like AWS, Azure, and GCP
Good understanding of software development methodologies such as Agile, Scrum, and Waterfall
Proficiency in software development tools such as Git, Jira, and Visual Studio
Strong analytical and problem-solving skills
Excellent communication and leadership abilities
Experience working with distributed systems and microservices
Knowledge of security best practices and experience with securing software systems



Qualifications



A bachelor's degree in computer science or a related field is typically required.
Several years of experience in software development.



Certifications:



Certifications such as TOGAF, Zachman Framework, Certified Scrum Developer, and Certified Scrum Master are highly desirable for software architects.



Job Type: Regular / Permanent


Salary: ₹100,000.00 - ₹200,000.00 per month


Benefits:



Provident Fund



Schedule:



Day shift
Rotational shift



Speak with the employer+91 9361461763Application Deadline: 31/05/2023






###ID10
###TITLEFront End Developer / HTML Developer
###COMPANYNAMEDsignz Media
###LOCATIONCoimbatore, Tamil Nadu
Front End Developer / HTML Developer - Coimbatore, Tamil Nadu - Indeed.com
save-icon

Work Experience : Minimum of 1 yr 
 
Skills : CSS3, HTML5, Adobe Photoshop, JavaScript, jQuery and Knowledge of any Front End Framework(Foundation, BootStrap) 
 
Location : Coimbatore











  Please send your updated resume to info@dsignzmedia.com.
 







###ID11
###TITLEFront-End Developer
###COMPANYNAMEGenocus Tech Services Private Limited
###LOCATIONCoimbatore, Tamil Nadu
Front-End Developer - Coimbatore, Tamil Nadu - Indeed.com
save-icon
We are seeking a skilled Front-End Developer to join our team. The ideal candidate will be responsible for developing and implementing user interface components using HTML, CSS, and JavaScript. They will work closely with our designers to ensure that the design and user experience are seamlessly integrated into the final product.


Responsibilities:



Develop user-friendly web pages and applications that adhere to the latest web standards and accessibility guidelines
Collaborate with designers and back-end developers to ensure seamless integration of design and functionality
Optimize website performance and improve page load times
Stay up-to-date with the latest front-end technologies and industry trends
Debug and troubleshoot issues that arise during development and testing
Test and review code for robustness, usability, and general reliability



Requirements:



Strong understanding of front-end web technologies, including HTML, CSS, and JavaScript
3+ years of experience in UI/UX design and front end development
Experience with design software such as Sketch, Adobe Creative Suite, or Figma
Strong understanding of design principles, including typography, layout, and color theory
Understanding of cross-browser compatibility and accessibility guidelines
Experience with version control tools such as Git
Familiarity with back-end development languages such as Python, Ruby, or PHP
Strong analytical and problem-solving skills
Excellent communication and collaboration skills



Job Type: Full-time


Salary: ₹30,000.00 - ₹40,000.00 per month


Schedule:



Day shift
Morning shift



Ability to commute/relocate:



Coimbatore, Tamil Nadu: Reliably commute or planning to relocate before starting work (Preferred)



Education:



Bachelor's (Preferred)



Experience:



total work: 3 years (Preferred)
HTML, CSS and JavaScript: 3 years (Preferred)
UI & UX design: 3 years (Preferred)



Speak with the employer+91 74188 33115






###ID12
###TITLEUI Developer - A4656 (Coimbatore)
###COMPANYNAMENisum
###LOCATIONCoimbatore, Tamil Nadu
UI Developer - A4656 (Coimbatore) - Coimbatore, Tamil Nadu - Indeed.com
save-icon










Location: Coimbatore
Team: Customer Interactive Services
Work Type: Full Time / Contract



         Nisum is a leading global digital commerce firm headquartered in California, with services spanning digital strategy and transformation, insights and analytics, blockchain, business agility, and custom software development. Founded in 2000 with the customer-centric motto “
         Building Success Together®,” Nisum has grown to over 1,800 professionals across the United States, Chile,Colombia, India, Pakistan and Canada. A preferred advisor to leading Fortune 500 brands, Nisum enables clients to achieve direct business growth by building the advanced technology they need to reach end customers in today’s world, with immersive and seamless experiences across digital and physical channels.
        




 What You'll Do

 Should be able to develop an application with any Javascript framework React.
 Maintain reusable code and improve code quality.
 Optimize application for maximum speed.
 Should be an individual contributor role. (SME)
 Should take ownership and work closely with other teams. such as the back end.
 Make suggestions for better solutions to problems and keep abreast of the latest and emerging technologies.
 Be comfortable working throughout the lifespan of a project.

 What You Know

 Should have a minimum of 8-10 years of experience.
 Proficient understanding of web markup, including HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript / TypeScript.
 Should have good knowledge of ES6.
 Understanding of CSS and frameworks such as Tailwind CSS.
 Should be proficient in the framework ReactJs.
 Should be proficient any of the the frameworks Angular, ReactJs, VueJs etc.
 Should have knowledge on Node Js.
 Good to have experience in web component development.
 Good understanding of Responsive Web Designing, CSS media queries, and Bootstrap library.
 Understanding of cross-browser compatibility issues and ways to work around them.
 Good understanding of asynchronous/Ajax request handling.
 Good understanding of OOJS.
 Knowledge of code versioning tools, such as GIT.
 Knowledge in writing UI test cases using any test framework.

 Education

 Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Engineering or equivalent demonstrable experience.

 Benefits

 In addition to competitive salaries and benefits packages, Nisum India offers its employees some unique and fun extras:
 Continuous Learning - Year-round training sessions are offered as part of skill enhancement certifications sponsored by the company on an as need basis. We support our team to excel in their field.
 Parental Medical Insurance - Nisum believes our team is the heart of our business and we want to make sure to take care of the heart of theirs. We offer opt-in parental medical insurance in addition to our medical benefits.
 Activities -From the Nisum Premier League's cricket tournaments to hosted Hack-a-thon, Nisum employees can participate in a variety of team building activities such as skits, dances performance in addition to festival celebrations.
 Free Meals - Free snacks and dinner is provided on a daily basis, in addition to subsidized lunch.




         Nisum is an Equal Opportunity Employer and we are proud of our ongoing efforts to foster diversity and inclusion in the workplace.
        

















###ID13
###TITLEJUNIOR SOFTWARE ENGINEER
###COMPANYNAMEPrecise
###LOCATIONCoimbatore, Tamil Nadu
JUNIOR SOFTWARE ENGINEER - Coimbatore, Tamil Nadu - Indeed.com
save-icon










ROLES AND RESPONSIBILITIES

Work in a dynamic, agile environment involving multiple technologies. 
Coding in languages such as Javascript, C#, Python. 
Write well-designed, testable, efficient code using the latest development best practices. 





TECHNICAL SKILLS




Basic understanding of relevant technologies, software development methodologies, and programming languages.


















###ID14
###TITLEPython UI/Image Classification Developer
###COMPANYNAMEPM Square Soft
###LOCATIONCoimbatore, Tamil Nadu
Python UI/Image Classification Developer - Coimbatore, Tamil Nadu - Indeed.com
save-icon



Skills:

Expertise in Python


Knowledge of TKInter Python GUI Framework


Worked in VS Code/PyCharm


Good communication and interpersonal skills.


Willing to work hard, meet tight deadlines and learn a lot.

Optional but a plus:

Experience with source control systems like GIT


Knowledge of neural networks/CNN


Knowledge of software design tools and SDLC.


Automated Testing frameworks


Knowledge of databases like MySQL, PostgreSQL, Oracle, SQLite

Qualification: B.Tech/B.E CSE/IT/MCA/BSc Computer Science

Experience: >1 years, freshers also considered




   Location:Coimbatore, India Type:Full Time
  











